What should we do if we want to contribute to some other's project?

1. We can't directly push our code to their repository as we haven't access

2. We create copy of that project into our own account by forking it.

3. Now we can do anything in project

4. Clone url to our local
    now origin url is on our account

5. We can add upstream url, it is url, from where we have forked project
    - git remote add upstream https://github.com/commclassroom/commclassroomOP.git

    upstream : others url (we can't directly push into upstream url)
    origin : our own url

6. Always create new branch of work whatever we are doing

7. Now we have added some feature into our code and pushed on our account with new branch
    now we will request to main project owner

    whatever changs we have on 
    our repo : new branch 
    we want to merge it on
    main repo : main branch

    this request is known as pull request (PR)

8. We creat pull request for our changes,
    then they review it,
    suggest some changes
    and after that they will merge your code

9. How to make pull request?
    - push your code into your branch
    - go to your github forked repo
    - go to open pull request
    - here we can see
      base repo: commclassroom/commclassroomOP:main  <- head repo: mitesh12ehd/commclassroomOP:main
    
    - write title and description to pull request (PR)

10. Why we should not commit multiple feature on one branch?
    - when we made some changes and creat pull request for them
    - after creating pull request if we commit something on same branch
    - then we are not able to create new pull request for them
    - new commits are attached within old pull request
    - it is not easy to review your code by main repo owner

11. Summary : Always make one branch for one pull request while contributing 
              others code

12. Remove commits from pull request
    - copy commit id of commit below you want to remove

    - git reset commit-id

    - git add.
    - git stash  

    - now we need to push it, but we can't simply do this,
      because online repo contain commits that we don't on local
      so that we need to do force push

      git push origin mitesh -f

13. Maintain our repo with live updated code,
    Our forked repo:main branch not contains changes of main repo:main branch
    
    - we can see this line if we are updated with upstream url
        This branch is 1 commit ahead of commclassroom/commclassroomOP:main.

    1. we can click on fetchUpstream / sync fork
      it update code on our repo with live code

      and take pull
      - git pull
    
      or
    
    2. using CLI  
      git checkout main
      git fetch --all --prune
      git reset --hard upstream/main

      last command move head to latest commit of that are take from main branch

      git push origin main : to push changes on our main branch

      or

    3. git pull upstream main
       git push origin main