The Network Layer (Layer 3) in the OSI model is responsible for delivering data 
packets between devices across multiple networks.

Routing:
    Routing is the process of selecting the best path for a packet to travel from 
    source to destination across multiple networks.

    - There are graph like structure of router
    - routing finds best path from them using algorithm like dijsktra

    - Note:
        in routing not each personal router takes part.
        ex. my router not connected with neighbors router,
        but routing happen in between service providers

    Routing table:
        - A routing table is a data structure in a router that stores information 
          about possible paths to various network destinations.
        - each router have routing table

        It contains following:
            1. Network layer address of destination
                delivery is called hop to hop delivery
                next address called next hop

            2. Network layer address of person who are sending packets
            3. Data you want to sent

Forwarding:
    Forwarding is the actual action of moving a packet from one interface to 
    another based on the routing table.

    Forwarding table:
        A forwarding table is derived from the routing table, but it's optimized 
        for fast lookup.

What if we want to add new routers in existing structure?
How we add data in routing table of another router?
how we add destination network address in our router?
How we know where to forward data?

    - Control plane, a graph structure

    - there are 2 types of routing we are using to create routing table?
    
    1. Static routing:
        - Routing table manually configured by network admins
        - Doesn’t change automatically when new router added

    2. Dynamic routing:
        - Dynamic Routing is a routing technique where routers automatically learn and 
          update routes based on information they receive from other routers, using
          routing protocols.
        - Routing protocols
            1. Distance vector
            2. Link state
            3. Path vector

TTL: time to leave
    it is time after this time packet got dropped if it not reach to destination
    - we can check by ping google.com
    - we can see ttl is 60 second
    - so that packet not travel indefinite in between routers